=head1 DEVELOPERS GUIDE

Welcome to the developers guide.

This guide lead you to :

 * manage your task

First of all, you have to follow the "setup guide" :

 * git redmine guide setup

=head1 What your jobs ?

You can get the list of your "pending" tasks.

 * git redmine task pending

All tasks in all project assigned to you are shown. Pick one of then.

=head1 Start a task

To start a task, 

 * git redmine task start XXX

The XXX is the number of the task. It will create a branch locally and remotely. Your redmine will change from "assigned" to "in progress"
and setup GIT_REPOS to the current local git repository url.

You can do multiple think with that.

=over

=item commit

You can commit as usual, then just push.

 * git push

It will push on the remote branch your current local development.

=item update from origin/devel

To update your local branch,

 * git fetch -ap
 * git fetch tags -p
 * git rebase origin/devel
 * git push -f

=item finish your task

When you have finish your task, ensure your branch are up to date, then

 * git redmine task finish

It will ask you to choose a reviewer. It will reassign the task and set GIT_PR with your pull request.

=item check your task status

Every task you have start, will be available for the status. You can see the progress of them, if it is release, or if you need to rework on it. You can also see if the review is in progress. If it is integrated.

 * git redmine task status

If the task has been released, it will automatically ask you to clear it.

=item clear you local and remote repos

When the task is released or integrated, you can clear it. It will remove the local branch, clear your git config and remove the remote branch.

 * git redmine task clear XXX

=item miscellaneous

They is more in task.

 * git redmine task current

Is the current tasks you are working on. If you have start multiple task, it will appear here.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 * Vincent Bachelier (vincent@weborama.com)
 * Celogeek (me@celogeek.com)

=cut
