=head1 RELEASERS GUIDE

Welcome to the releasers guide.

This guide lead you to :

 * release tasks

First of all, you have to follow the "setup guide" :

 * git redmine guide setup

=head1 What your jobs ?

You can get the list of your "pending" release.

 * git redmine release pending

All task in all project that need to be released with the current local repositorie are shown.

You can check the changelog to know what you are about to release. You need to start a release with all the tasks you have to release.

=head1 Start a release

To start a release with all pending release

 * git redmine release start

To start a release with all pending release and a specific version

 * V=XXX git redmine release start

To start a release with specific task,

 * git redmine release start X Y Z

To start a release with a specific task and version

 * V=XXX git redmine release start X Y Z

Some files will automatically been updated.

 * Changes
 * dist.ini
 * VERSION

The changes file will add the tag release. If you have a dist.ini it will try to replace the line "version" inside. If you have a "VERSION" file, it will put the version inside.

=head1 What you have to do ?

 * Check all versions file is up to date.
 * Run the tests
 * Check any thing you need to

=head1 Finish the task

To finish you release,

 * git redmine release finish

Your devel will be update with the version. All of this will be merged into the "master". The version tag will be apply to the master branch and sent.

Then it will ask the reassignment for each task, and setup GIT_RELEASE with the current version.

=head1 miscellaneous

They is more in release.

 * git redmine release abort

Cancel the release.

=head1 AUTHORS

 * Vincent Bachelier (vincent@weborama.com)
 * Celogeek (me@celogeek.com)

=cut
