=head1 REVIEWERS GUIDE

Welcome to the REVIEWERS guide.

This guide lead you to :

 * review the tasks
 * merge into devel

First of all, you have to follow the "setup guide" :

 * git redmine guide setup

=head1 What your jobs ?

You can get the list of your "pending" review.

 * git redmine review pending

The field GIT_PR need to be filled inside the task or you will not be able to start the review.

It list all the review in all project with the current GIT_REPOS set to the local repositorie url.

=head1 Start a review

To start a review, 

 * git redmine review start XXX

The XXX is the number of the task. It will create a branch locally. Your redmine will change from "to be code reviewed" to "review in progress".

You can do multiple think with that.

=over

=item thing to do

During a review, you have to compare with origin/devel to check the changes. Eventually fix some issue.

Then you can "finish", "abort" or "reject" the task.

=item rebase

To have a proper diff, start by a rebase

 * git rebase origin/devel

=item check diff

Then you can check the diff

 * git diff origin/devel

=item apply patches

You can apply all the change you want and commit it. It will be only a local change.

=item reject a task

If a task has too much stuff to be fixed, you can send it back to the latest developer of the task.

The $TASK_SLUG below is the developer branch, it should be the same has yours without the "-review-"

 * git push -f origin HEAD:$TASK_SLUG
 * git redmine review reject

It will edit a message file. Put everything you want for the developer to known, then save.

The task is sent back to the developer with the error message. It is reassigned to him.

=item accept the patch

To accept your change, just finish it.

 * git redmine review finish

It will apply the changes, merge into devel, save the change log. It will ask and reassign to the releaser the task.

=item miscellaneous

They is more in review.

 * git redmine review abort

Cancel the review, set the status back to "to be code reviewed".

 * git redmine review current

It show you the current task you are reviewing.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 * Vincent Bachelier (vincent@weborama.com)
 * Celogeek (me@celogeek.com)

=cut

