=head1 DEVELOPERS GUIDE

Welcome to the developers guide.

This guide lead you to :

 * manage your task

First of all, you have to follow the "setup guide" :

 * git redmine guide setup

=head1 Link a git project to redmine

First of all, when you get into a git repository, you need to link it to a redmine project`.

You can use "git redmine project" for this purpose. I suggest you to read the "setup" guide, to understand how it works.

=head1 What your jobs ?

When your redmine projects are linked, you can get the list of your "pending" task.

 * git redmine task pending

All tasks and their parent are shown. Pick one of then.

=head1 Start a task

To start a task, 

 * git redmine task start XXX

The XXX is the number of the task. It will create a branch locally and remotely. Your redmine will change from "assigned" to "in progress".

You can do multiple think with that.

=over

=item commit

You can commit as usual, then just push.

 * git push

It will push on the remote branch your current local development.

=item update from origin/devel

To update your local branch,

 * git fetch -ap
 * git fetch tags -p
 * git rebase origin/devel
 * git push -f

=item finish your task

When you have finish your task, ensure your branch are up to date, then

 * git redmine task finish

It will assign to the reviewer you have setup the task with the "review pending" status.

=item check your task status

Every task you have start, will be available for the status. You can see the progress of them, if it is release, or if you need to rework on it. You can also see if the review is in progress. If it is integrated.

 * git redmine task status

=item clear you local and remote repos

When the task is released or integrated, you can clear it. It will remove the local branch, clear your git config and remove the remote branch.

 * git redmine task clear XXX

=item miscellaneous

They is more in task.

 * git redmine task current

Is the current tasks you are working on. If you have start multiple task, it will appear here.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 * Vincent Bachelier (vincent@weborama.com)
 * Celogeek (me@celogeek.com)

=cut
