=head1 RELEASERS GUIDE

Welcome to the releasers guide.

This guide lead you to :

 * release tasks

First of all, you have to follow the "setup guide" :

 * git redmine guide setup

=head1 Link a git project to redmine

First of all, when you get into a git repository, you need to link it to a redmine project`.

You can use "git redmine project" for this purpose. I suggest you to read the "setup" guide, to understand how it works.

=head1 What your jobs ?

When your redmine projects are linked, you can get the list of your "pending" release.

 * git redmine release pending

All tasks and their parent are shown.

You can check the changelog to know what you are about to release. You need to start a release with all the tasks you have to release.

=head1 Start a release

To start a release,

 * git redmine release start X Y Z

To start a release with a specific version

 * V=XXX git redmine release start X Y Z

All the task has to be already reviewed, and assign to you in "release pending" status.

Some files will automatically been updated.

 * Changes
 * dist.ini
 * VERSION

The changes file will add the tag release. If you have a dist.ini it will try to replace the line "version" inside. If you have a "VERSION" file, it will put the version inside.

=head1 What you have to do ?

 * Check all versions file is up to date.
 * Run the tests
 * Check any thing you need to

=head1 Finish the task

To finish you release,

 * git redmine release finish

Your devel will be update with the version. All of this will be merged into the "master". The version tag will be apply to the master branch and sent.

=head1 miscellaneous

They is more in release.

 * git redmine release abort

Cancel the release.

=head1 AUTHORS

 * Vincent Bachelier (vincent@weborama.com)
 * Celogeek (me@celogeek.com)

=cut
